0402506340

Russia from British Consulate - call if havnt heard by 9am

Visa Appointment Messages

Please ensure you arrive on time and no more than 10 minutes before your allocated appointment time. Please take a seat and wait to be called. Biometric data capture takes only a few minutes. You must bring your Passport, a printout of your On-line Application Form and Appointment Booking Confirmation Notice with you. Your biometrics cannot be captured without these three documents. No other documents are required for your visit to the British Consulate General in Melbourne. Please note that staff at the British Consulate in Melbourne CANNOT provide guidance or information on visa matters or processing times. They will stamp your application form to show that biometrics have been taken and you should ensure that only this copy of the application form is sent, along with your passport and supporting documentation to UK Visas and Immigration, GPO Box 2718,Sydney, NSW, 2001. If you have any queries, please look at our website http://www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk or call our informat

British Consulate Melbourne: 1902 941555

#GWF030325100



Your Appointment Confirmation
Application Reference Number: GWF030325100
xPLEASE DO NOT USE THE BACK BUTTON ON YOUR BROWSER.

If you use your browser back button during booking appointment it will cause an error message to appear ("Your changes have already submitted").
If this occurs, click on "View My Applications".
Name	Paul Gerard  Kramer
Date Of Birth	29 March 1987
Your Appointment Date and Time  	 Friday 03 January 2014  at  10:15

Your Visa Application Centre
British Consulate-General Melbourne 
17th Floor 
90 Collins Street 
Melbourne 





Please read the following text very carefully
When you click on the 'Make Payment' button, you will be redirected to our payment provider WorldPay where you will enter your payment details. On completing the payment process, you will be returned to the Visa4UK website.

Total Amount Payable
AUD 370.00 

 I have read and understood the above information


Condition of Payment
The fee shown above is for processing your application and the entry clearance decision-making service, not for the guaranteed delivery of a visa, therefore you will not be entitled to a refund should your application for entry to the UK or Commonwealth and Overseas Territories be refused or granted for a shorter time period than the period you applied for.


Refund Policy
Your fee will be refunded only if the application is withdrawn in writing within 3 months and 7 days of the original date of application and prior to the submission of biometric data or any processing taking place, if the submission of biometric data is not required in your case.